c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe.config
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
c:\users\userrr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-log4net.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-NLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.json
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe.config
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.json
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-log4net.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-NLog.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
H:\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe.config
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.json
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-log4net.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-NLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\GitHub\AutotestDeskTop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe.config
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.json
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-log4net.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-NLog.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.pdb
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Userrr\Documents\VisualStudio2013\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe.config
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.json
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.exe
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\AutotestDesktop.pdb
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NuLog.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-log4net.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log-NLog.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\this.Log.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Gurock.TestRail.pdb
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\TestRail.pdb
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\obj\Debug\AutotestDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\GitHub\Projects\AutotestDesktop\AutotestDesktop\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
